>> Erik Reinert: So the next thing
I'm going to do is I'm going
to create a distribution.
So we just said that we are creating
a private load balancer, right?
So if we go back to our diagram really
quickly here, we now have the resources
for the ECS cluster itself, and now
we're kind of working outwards this way.
So if you kind of think about
like the ways that we've worked,
we effectively started in the middle,
then in phase two,
we moved over to the right, and now we're
moving all the way over to the left.
We just added all the load
balancer parameter or
all the load balancer resources.
And now what we're going to do is we're
going to add the cloud front resources or
the distribution.
What's nice about this is that
this is a private load balancer.
It's completely secured,
it's not accessible to anybody.
But what we can do is we can put
an entire global CDN in front of our
load balancer and then that CDN
communicate directly to our load
balancer without any concerns for
connection or anything like that.
But we get the added benefit of
now getting a CDN out of the box,
meaning that every request will
be fulfilled over the cdn,
it'll be routed through their internal
network and then to our load balancer.
Nine times out of ten, that will be
faster than you not using a CDN for
your requests.
If you think about it for a second,
yesterday when we loaded up
the application, what did it have?
It had a loading page or
it had a landing page.
It had buttons, it had style sheets,
it had HTML, all that stuff.
Well, because this is a multipurpose
cluster, we want a way of
delivering all of that stuff to
the user as efficiently as possible.
If we used a public load balancer and
just stopped there,
we'd have to figure out how
to lower that latency and
do that caching and all that other stuff
that a natural CDN would do, right?
So what we do instead is we say, okay,
well we know we need some way for
the CDN to communicate to our cluster.
Let's put a private load
balancer in between the two and
then let's make everything
publicly route through the CDN and
then privately use their internal network,
which is high speed,
way faster than your Internet connection,
and route it to the load balancer.
So in this case, what would end
up happen is if you were in,
I don't know, England or
France or something like that,
and then you made
a request to your domain,
you would first get routed
to The CDN in France, right,
that would then hit that node and
then at that point your request
performance is no longer impacted
by your Internet speed because
the only thing you needed to
connect to was the CDN in France.
You didn't have to go all
the way back to the us.
However, what is going to happen is that
CDN is going to get that request and
if it doesn't have it cached,
Amazon will now take your request and
using their internal network again,
which is like 100 gigabit, way faster,
they'll ship that request all the way
through the network to your load balancer,
which then they will, then you'll be
able to get it on your load balancer,
that'll get forwarded to your service and
then you can fulfill the request.
So it's a good thing, even though you have
an API to still have a CDN in front of it.
CDNs are good for caching things and
static assets and all that stuff.
But again, you will never be
able to compete with the network
performance of a massive scale
cloud provider like Amazon.
So just even putting
your API behind it and
then saying at least have
a connection point closer
to the user will mean that that
routing to you will be faster as well.
And so yeah, that's why we're
putting a CDN in front of it or
a cloudfront distribution in front of it
is because we're getting benefits pretty
much as much as we can to locality.
Cool.
So in here, all of this is
actually possible because of
a change Amazon made not too long ago,
before this course.
Like I would say like maybe a year or
two ago.
This wasn't possible, by the way.
Back in the day, Amazon's cloudfront
would only talk to other public things,
meaning it could not connect to
private resources and whatnot.
And then Amazon introduced
something called VPC Origins.
And the idea behind a VPC origin
is it's something that exists
inside of your VPC that you
want to connect to Cloudfront.
It could be a bucket, it could be a load
balancer, it could be whatever you want.
But the goal here is to take that private
thing and connect it privately to
the distribution so that the only thing
that is public is the distribution itself.
And so at the very, very top,
we create our VPC origin.
We say origin protocol policy, HTTP only.
Can anyone guess why we're saying that
the Origin protocol policy is HTTP only?
Now the origin, just to be clear,
is the load balancer.
The load balancer we just created.
We created something on the load
balancer with a specific Value.
In this case,
what we are doing is we are getting a SSL
public request that Cloudfront's
taken care of, right?
But once we get behind the cdn,
we don't need SSL anymore, right?
Because we've been encrypted
by the SSL request publicly.
So behind the cdn we can just
make a normal HTTP request and
pass it privately down
to the load balancer.
That is how we get around the load
balancer needing an SSL certificate.
We let Cloudfront create the certificate
for us on the Cloudfront domain.
They manage all that themselves.
And then the moment the CDN gets
the request and it gets behind the cdn,
we're now in safe zone, we're now private
again, the load balancer is private,
so we don't have to worry about
something else connecting to it.
And then it can just be HTTP only.
So if you hate SSL, [LAUGH] which I do,
this makes it a lot easier to.
This makes it a lot easier to
hide services behind a CDN and
not have to worry about encryption and
all that kind of stuff.
It's really nice.
It gives you the ability to have
a distribution out of the box and
you're just basically plugging
in a load balancer to it.
Once you have that VPC origin,
you can then create your actual
Cloudfront distribution.
Now, Cloudfront itself is its own
beast of pricing and modeling and
blah, blah, blah and all this stuff.
So I will say you could
spend a lot of money
on Cloudfront if you don't
know what you're doing.
Cloudfront provisions globally
by default in 100 countries or
whatever, some nonsense.
And if you don't set it to not do that,
it will do that and
you will have to pay for it.
So setting like the price class,
stuff like that is really important to
make sure that you're not going for
the Ferrari level of network
throughput and when you don't need it.
But price class is a setting that we have.
We also have origin.
This is where we tell the distribution
where our load balancer is.
And so
you can see here that the domain name for
the origin is the DNS name
of the load balancer.
We're telling it that the origin ID
in this case is cluster var name or
cluster.dev or cluster staging or.
And then we're telling it
that the VPC origin config
the ID is the VPC origin
that we just created.
And then now we have just bound our load
balancer to our Cloudfront distribution.
So now we can actually communicate
through the CDN to the load balancer.
Because it's a cdn,
we have caching features, right?
So we have the ability to say like,
okay, in general,
what methods are allowed to
actually go over the CDN CDNs?
Sometimes you don't need every request and
you don't want to allow every request.
Like, again, if it's just a static website
with no HTTP calls or anything like that,
then you probably don't need to make
sure that the CDN supports put, post,
patch, delete, right?
Like, you won't need any of those.
So you can easily disable
those if you want.
But in our case, because we're using an
actual like, we're putting an API behind
it, we want to make sure that we can
support all of these other methods.
And so we have put pass, patch and
delete in there as well.
However, you'll notice that we only
cache git and head response types.
Why is that?
Why do we only cache git and head methods?
The other ones actually change data.
Exactly, yeah, the other ones
will actually change data and or
they'll have different
data in their requests.
We don't want to necessarily cache that.
We want to make sure that every time
we want to get new data for put, post,
patch or delete,
we don't cache any of that.
We only cache get and head to make
sure that those two are the only ones
that aren't changing effectively.
But that does mean, again, going back to
the benefit of using a cdn, that does
mean that all of those CSS files,
all those JPEG images, all that stuff.
Yeah, that'll get cached.
That'll get cached directly on the edge.
And what's really nice is going back to
like the whole, you know, we're in France,
we want to look at our website.
It will go to the VP or
it'll go to the distribution in France.
It'll hit the node.
Well, what's cool is that it will
have that cache stuff there.
So you'll immediately download that and
then the only thing it has to wait for
is the request to your API service.
So your site should load
instantaneously almost.
And then you may have just a little bit
of like a loader window or something for
the actual API request, but
it's still like, it's fast.
You know what I mean?
You still get that performance out of it.
Redirect to HTTPs, this basically
just says, hey, we don't want to
use on the front end of the distribution,
we don't want to use HTTP at all.
So make sure.
That everything gets redirected to HTTPs.
We want to forward values.
So forwarding values means that once
we go through the load balancer,
what are we keeping?
Are we keeping the query string parameter?
Are we keeping forward cookies?
Right, all that kind of stuff.
Here's GEO restrictions.
So for example,
if you wanted to say, well,
I only want a provision in the United
States and Germany and blah blah blah, and
blah blah blah, you could set up GEO
restrictions, which in all honesty,
normally when you create a cdn you
will eventually do that [LAUGH].
You are in the global space now,
which means that there are a lot
of people who will mess with you.
And in all honesty, there
are definitely a few countries that we,
even at my job have had to be like,
we don't even service data,
we don't service any
kind of product to them.
So just block it because at the end of the
day it makes it easier to prevent attacks,
you know, things like that.
And I think as a business,
as a business, right.
Not as like an open source project or
anything else, it does kind of make
sense to block countries you just don't do
business in, you know, unless you want for
some reason to let them still
be able to come in or whatever.
You know, unless you have a specific
reason, you know, it's fine.
You know, it may frustrate some people but
you know, it's a lot easier than trying
to filter out like these attacks and where
they're coming from and stuff like that.
So you can do that here basically.
And then the viewer certificate, this just
basically means like on the front end side
or on the, in front of the distribution,
where are we getting our SSL certificate?
Since we're not going to
be using a custom domain,
we're just going to use
the Cloudfront default certificate.
And again, this is what's nice about
Cloudfront that we don't get with
load balancers is we at least get
a certificate out of the box.
We don't have to create SSL or worry
about it or really anything like that.